---
layout: treatment
section: treatments
title: Carita Facial Treatments
img: carita.jpg
---

# Gold Facial : 1 hr 30 mins £140.00

This blissful treatment begins with a unique relaxation ritual to
de-stress, rebalance energy and improve well-being.

After exfoliation and deep cleansing, a unique manual sculpting
massage eases away facial tension and improves skin firmness, as well
as stimulating collagen production.

For the first time, two exclusive facial accessories have been
expertly combined with CARITA's renowned Ideal Pro-Lift Machine to
achieve a maximum 'lifting' effect. Fine lines and wrinkles are
smoothed, whilst muscles are lifted and re-sculpted, redefining the
face.

The Perfect Gold Sculpting Facial ends with application of Perfect
Gold Serum and Perfect Cream to give your skin vitality, firmness and
radiance.

# Sculpting Eye Lift : 30 mins £55.00

This exoress 30 minute treatment has been created to target the most
fragile part of the face - the eye area, where signs of time first
appear.

After removing make-up and cleansing, the treatment combines the
cutting-edge Pro-Lift technology with a new specific facial accessory
to dramatically minimise the appearance of lines and wrinkles around
the eyes and lif the eyebrows.

CARITA's Pro-lift technology offers exceptional anti-ageing benefits
to stimulate collagen, lift and rejuvenate the eye contour which are
immediately visible after the very first treament.

The Sculpting Eye Lift ends with the application of Perfect Cream for
Eyes and Lips to further smooth, firm and refine these delicate areas
and provide skin with vitality and radiance.

# Carita 'Pro-Lift' Firming Facial : 1 hr 30 mins £100.00

The 'Pro-Lifting' facial is CARITA's signature treatment. It firms the
skin, gives an instant lift, repairs the effects of time and gives the
complexion a youthful radiance.

After a single treatment it's amazing rejuvenating effects are
immediately visible; eyes look brighter and awakened, while the
revitalized skin acquires a transparent clarity and velvety
softness. Any slackness in the skin is instantly lifted, producing a
well-rested, healthy glow. Fine lines and wrinkles are erased and the
contours of the face are perfectly redefined.

With four stages that combine massage, the exclusive 'Pro-lift'
technology and CARITA's specialised 'Progressif' skin care products,
mature skin undergoes exfoliation, deep cleansing, relaxation and
lifting to produce a remarkable and immediate anti-ageing effect.

# Carita 'Pro-Lift' Booster Facial : 1 hour £80.00

After a course of 'Pro-Lifting' facial treaments, a one hour Booster
treatment is all that is needed to give a quick and immediate lift for
a special occasion.

# Ideal 'Intense' Douceur : 1 hour £80.00

Sensitive skin is soothed and protected with a specially designed
relaxing massage and the expert application of CARITA products
carefully formulated to reduce redness, calm irritations, increase
suppleness and strengthen the skin's natural defences.

The hypoallergenic formulas of the wonderful Ideal Douceur products
contain Cotton to comfort sensitised skin and help to rebuild its
resistance to external irritants.

# Carita 'Pro-Radiance' Facial : 1 hour £80.00

With a combination of Swedish and Iymphatic massage techniques and the
application of CARITA's famous anti-aging products, this calming and
restorative treatment soothes and stimulates mature skin to ensure
intensive rejuvenating benefits.

# Diamond of Beauty : 1 hr 30 mins £150.00

A truly luxurious treatment with unrivalled anti-ageing results, these
multi facets infuse the skin with a new lease of life. The treatment
uses unprecedented products which contain a fusion of plants and
Diamond to prolong the youth of your skin. The treatment begins with a
welcoming foot ritual, a back, shoulder and scalp massage. Followed by
an in-depth relaxing, targeted face and décolleté massage, using the
revolutionary Pro-Lift technology a 'non-surgical' face lift.
